docs: add missing import to `CartService` tutorial instructions (#42701)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-data.md

    <code-example header="src/app/cart.service.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/cart.service.1.ts"></code-example>

> 1. Import the Product interface: `import { Product } from './products';`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import the `Product` interface from `./products.js`.
```

Since we now include the statement in the snippet we can cut this down a bit.
